README.md, before:

# omen-fan
- A simple utility to manually control the fans of a HP Omen laptop
- Works on various HP Omen laptop and even some Victus laptops from testing. 
- Also has a service that actively adjusts the fan speed according to tempertatures (cause the default BIOS control sucks)
- Supports enabling boost mode via sysfs
- Made and tested on an Omen 16-c0140AX
- Rust made and tested on Omen 16-n0xxx series and Omen 15-dc10xxxx

# WARNING
- Forcing this program to run on incompatible laptops may cause hardware damage. Use at your own risk.
- Max speed of the fans are configured based on the "Boost" state. Increasing them is not recommended and won't provide huge thermal beinifits.

# Documentation
- Use `omen-fan help` to see all available subcommands
- EC Probe documentation can be found at [docs/probes.md](https://github.com/alou-S/omen-fan/blob/main/docs/probes.md)

# Silverblue
-copy the target from release folder
-sudo cp /var/home/user-name/omen-fan/omen-fan/target/release/omen-fan /usr/local/bin/
replace user
--Then add service file to the system.

Commit message:

Add Omen 15-en1xxx compatibility + early build instructions and correcting some nitpicks

README.md, after:

# omen-fan
- A simple utility to manually control the fans of a HP Omen laptop
- Works on various HP Omen laptop and even some Victus laptops from testing. 
- Also has a service that actively adjusts the fan speed according to temperatures (cause the default BIOS control sucks)
- Supports enabling boost mode via sysfs
- Made and tested on an Omen 16-c0140AX
- Rust made and tested on Omen 16-n0xxx series, Omen 15-dc1xxxx and Omen 15-en1xxx

# WARNING
- Forcing this program to run on incompatible laptops may cause hardware damage. Use at your own risk.
- Max speed of the fans are configured based on the "Boost" state. Increasing them is not recommended and won't provide huge thermal beinifits.

# Documentation
- Use `omen-fan help` to see all available subcommands
- EC Probe documentation can be found at [docs/probes.md](https://github.com/alou-S/omen-fan/blob/main/docs/probes.md)

# Building
( Guide based on Ubuntu 25.04 )
- Install rustup and configure it to the nightly channel
    - sudo apt install rustup
    - rustup default nightly
- Go into the omen-fan directory and build the project for release
    - cd omen-fan
    - rustup.cargo build --release

# Silverblue
- copy the target from release folder
- sudo cp /var/home/user-name/omen-fan/omen-fan/target/release/omen-fan /usr/local/bin/
replace user
- Then add service file to the system.
